and you son-of
salt take it as a barbers razor and pass
it over your head and your beard then
take scales to weigh and divide the head
you shall burn with fire one-third in
the midst of the city when the days of
the siege are finished then you shall
take one-third and strike around it with
the sword and one-third you shall
scatter in the wind I will draw out a
sword after them you shall also take a
small number of them and bind them in
the edge of your Garland
then take some of them again and throw
them into the midst of the fire and burn
them in the fire from there a fire will
go out into all the house of Israel thus
says the Lord God this is Jerusalem I
have set her in the midst of the nations
and the countries all around her she has
rebelled against my judgments by doing
wickedness more than the nations and
against my statutes more than the
countries that are all around her for
they have refused my judgments and they
have not walked in my statutes therefore
thus says the Lord God
because you have multiplied disobedience
more than the nation's that are all
around you have not walked in my
statutes nor kept my judgments nor even
done according to the judgments of the
nation's that are all around you
therefore thus says the Lord God indeed
I even I am against you and will execute
judgments in your midst in the sight of
the nation's and I will do among you
what I have never done and the like of
which I will never do again because of
all your abominations therefore fathers
shall eat their sons in your midst and
sons shall eat their father's and I will
execute judgments among you and all of
you who remain I will scatter to all the
winds therefore as I live says the Lord
God surely because you have defiled my
sanctuary with all your detestable
things and with all your abominations
therefore I will also diminish you my I
will not spend nor will I have any pity
one third of you shall die of the
pestilence and be consumed with famine
in your midst and one third shall fall
by the sword all around him and I will
scatter another third to all the winds
and I will draw out a sword after me
thus shall my anger be spent and I will
cause my fury to rest upon me and I will
be avenged and they shall know that I
the LORD have spoken it in my zeal when
I have spent my fury upon them moreover
I will make you a waist and a reproach
among the nations that are all around
you in the sight of all who pass by so
it shall be a reproach a taunt a lesson
and an astonishment to the nation's that
are all around you when I execute
judgments among you in anger and in fury
and in furious rebukes I the LORD have
spoken
when I send against them the terrible
arrows of famine which shall be for
destruction which I will send to destroy
I will increase the famine upon you and
cut off your supply of bread so I will
send against you famine and wild beasts
and they will be review pestilence and
blood shall pass through you and I will
bring the sword against you I the Lord
you